My goal in this project was to realize an idea that sprung up in our first group project, when Skylar suggested a 3d exquisite corpse, where we each would print a different section of a body that would then fit together, and the result would be a complete surprise to us. We decided to do something different for that project, but the idea stuck with me. For the final, I changed it a little. Instead of modeling figures, I decided to use body scans of myself, Skylar, and Karen. I also decided to cut off all the limbs instead of the more traditional exquisite corpse practice of cutting the figure into thirds. The limbs would be connected with magnets to the torso, for easy removal and manipulation. One of the first things I did was make a connector piece and test it. I designed a simple plug system in openScad and printed out multiple test pieces, until I found one that worked. I then spent a long time cleaning up the scans of myself and Karen. Skylar’s scan was way too high poly to open in any software without crashing, and he had already left for the semester, so I had to abandon his figure unfortunately. After cleaning up the scans, I cut the limbs off, and added the working plug design to the figure. A few test prints later and some epoxy, I had some working joints. I then printed out all the rest of the parts, and affixed all the magnets in the proper place. I’m very happy with how it feels to move the body parts around. If I had more time, I probably would have painted them to further remove them from the 3d printing process, and bring them into a more substantial presence.